[Detections RBAC] Update references to detections RBAC (#3874)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/investigate/timeline.md

## Grant access to Timeline [timeline-privileges]

> You can control access to Timeline by setting the [{{kib}} privileges](../../../deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/kibana-privileges.md) for the **Timeline** feature under **Security**. For more details on SIEM requirements, refer to [Detections requirements](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/detections-requirements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control access to Timeline by setting the [{{kib}} privileges](../../../deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/kibana-privileges.md) for the **Timeline** feature under **Security**. 

::::{note}
Refer to [Detections requirements](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/detections-requirements.md) to learn about other available SIEM features and how to give your role access to them.

```
